Look at you sweating profusely
Dad, do you like my horse fan?
Yo Yo, don't make such a joke
Men understand men best
A man doesn't like you
Why spend money on you every day?
Buy you something
In a hurry to be a father to your son
He doesn't like you, does he like poverty alleviation?
Dad Gu, speak up
A man must be brave
Why don't you dare to admit it if you like it?
Mrs. Lin?
Thank you for the birthday cake you ordered.
Let's eat cake
Otherwise, this cake won't taste good if it's cold.
Thank you. Today is your birthday
Yes, I happen to be 4 years old today
Then make a wish
I hope to wake up tomorrow. I'm 18 years old.
But Mommy turned eight.
So it's my turn to protect Mommy
Blow out the candles
Oh.
Mommy, I'm going to call
Today, the new friends you meet will come to eat cake.
Go ahead.
slow long
Yoyo is so sensible
Yoyo has always been an angel baby
I remember when I was pregnant it was very hot in September
Other mothers have morning sickness
Just my appetite is very good
Can eat 2.5 kilograms of watermelon and half a bucket of instant noodles at a time
Yoyo was also pregnant in September 5 years ago
How could there be such a coincidence?